in upstate New York Karen Gustafson
Chinese sparkly and popular 15 year old
daughter the princess of pageantry
welcomes the stage Alicia if a one wish
for indie world peace now might sound a
little corny but it is the truth Alicia
just has the sparkle pageants for Alicia
has started which was loved and muscled
through in local pageants and for the
past six seven years doing national
pageants
I definitely think pageants to find me
as a person I don't you're one of the
people say appearances everything this
world this is a dynamite picture if blow
the judges away I do feel sorry for
people that are not gorgeous people you
have to Sparkle if you'll have the best
clothes the best hair makeup and the
best tan you're not gonna win the
pageant put one step forward and we spur
go again you don't be beautiful to do
well in life but it sure helps Ralph and
Karen have done well themselves running
their own window tinting business my
life is probably the one most busy life
you ever come across in their life I'm
constantly on the run but I love it
Alicia likes to be waited on hand and
foot in the morning I make Alicia's
breakfast best cereal
we never say no to Alicia I think that's
school early don't be late I hate when
you're late Leisha was Alicia gets what
did you buy me today mama we keep a
Christmas tree year-round because every
day is Christmas for our daughter oh
that's so cute because she's just such a
pleasurable child and deserves it I have
my personalized handbag and I feel the
way to Alicia's happiness give her
everything she wants don't give her any
rules why upset her
I am shoreless I feel it is physical
labor and it would suck if I had to do
them so so one was done yeah just about
I do all Alicia's projects she doesn't
have time with her busy schedule this is
a project that I made freely shot and
she got a hundred plus on this keep up
the good work in school my nickname is
d I don't know where it comes from
there's no king my hair having a popular
daughter like Alicia it's a great
feeling and the popular people they make
it in this world it's more fun
Alicia and Karen can't cook because that
would take a precious Sparkle time I
don't want a cock I don't like to cook I
really have the time you'd out probably
seven days a week
Alicia's not a fussy eater some things
that she does not like she'll state her
minor opinion at it just have a
breakfast you know your - this place
sucks she'll have two eggs a bagel white
label - lightly lightly toasted like
British crunches but not really
customer's always right